From the last video and quiz,
you now have a logistic regression model.
In this video, we will take a look at these coefficients and
the output to see how we can interpret each of them.
So we're going to pay attention to these coefficients here.
And in most cases we don't care about the intercept,
we only care about the ones that are attached to our explanatory variables.
If you need to look at how this was set up, essentially,
we just did what we did in the previous video,
b ut I did the same thing with the weekday and weekend.
We added the intercept and then we fit a model for all of this.
So in order to interpret these,
we first need to exponentiate each.
We will exponentiate.
Now each of these resulting values is the multiplicative change in the odds.
Specifically, for the weekday dummy variable we would say, on weekdays,
fraud is 12.76 times as likely as on weekends,
holding all other variables constant.
Which in this case would mean that the duration doesn't change.
We can also interpret the coefficient on duration as
for each one unit increase in the duration on the page,
fraud is 0.23 times as likely,
holding all other variables constant.
When you receive multiplicative changes less than one,
like we did here with the ration,
it's often useful to compute the reciprocal.
This changes the direction for the unit increase,
to a unit decrease.
So we could say, for every one unit decrease in the duration on the page,
fraud is 4.32 times as likely,
if all else is held constant.
In this case, that would be whether or not it's a weekday or a weekend.
This flip often helps an audience better relate to the-